T.Monday - The Aidan Compline
W.
P.Jesus, Son of the living God, may Your holy angels guard my sleep, may they watch over me as I rest and hover around my bed.
P.Let them reveal to me in my dreams visions of Your glorious truth, High Prince of the universe, High Priest of the mysteries.
P.May no dreams disturb my rest and no nightmares darken my dreams.
P.May no fears or worries delay my willing, prompt falling asleep.
P.May the virtue of my daily work hallow my nightly prayers.
May my sleep be deep and soft so my work be fresh and hard.
B.Psalm 4:8 - I will lie down and sleep in peace for You alone, Lord, make me dwell in safety.
P.My dear ones bless and keep, everywhere they are.
B.Psalm 31:5 - Into Your hands I commit my spirit;
I give it to You with all the love of my heart.
B.Psalm 139:17-18 - How precious are Your thoughts to me. How vast is the sum of them! Were I to count them, they would outnumber the grains of sand. When I awake, I am still with You.
P.I make the cross of Jesus upon my chest, over the tablet of my hard heart, and I beg of you, the Living God of the universe, may the Light of Lights come to my dark heart from Your place;
may the Spirit's wisdom come to the tablet of my heart from my Saviour.
P.Christ without sin, Christ of wounds, I place my soul and my body under Your protection tonight,
P.Christ of the poor, Christ of tears, Your cross be my protection tonight.
P.Son of tears, of the wounds, of the piercing, I am going to sleep now.
P.May I awake, kept in Your dear arm.
P.My Christ! my Christ! my shield, the one who encircles me, every day, every night, every light, every dark.
P.My Christ! my Christ! my shield, the one who encircles me, every day, every night, every light, every dark.
Be near me, uphold me, my treasure, my triumph.
P.Circle me, Lord, keep protection near and danger far away.
P.Circle me, Lord, keep light near and darkness far away.
P.Circle me, Lord, keep peace within; keep evil out.
P.The peace of all peace be mine tonight
in your name Papa, Jesus and Spirit. 
Amen
W.
